{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11900\viewh17120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 <audio\'a0src="{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://carfu.com/audio/carfu-welcome.mp3"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://carfu.com/audio/carfu-welcome.mp3}}"\'a0/>\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 <audio\'a0src="https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4C.mp3"\'a0/>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <audio\'a0src="https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4D.mp3"\'a0/>\
<audio\'a0src="https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4E.mp3"\'a0/>\
<audio\'a0src="https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4F.mp3"\'a0/>\
<audio\'a0src="https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4G.mp3"\'a0/>\
<audio\'a0src="https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4A.mp3"\'a0/>\
<audio\'a0src="https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4B.mp3"\'a0/>\
<audio\'a0src="https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_5C.mp3"\'a0/>\
\
\
\
\
\
\{\
  "version": "1.0",\
  "response": \{\
    "outputSpeech": \{\
      "type": "SSML",\
      "ssml": "<speak> I will ask you 5 questions, try to get as many right as you can. You will hear the sound of the piano key.  Just say the number of the answer. Let's begin. Question 1. <audio src=\'93https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4C.mp3\'94 /> 1. C. 2. B. 3. F. 4. D.  </speak>"\
    \},\
    "card": \{\
      "content": "Question 1. <audio src=\'93https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4C.mp3\'94 /> 1. C. 2. B. 3. F. 4. D. ",\
      "title": "Piano Key Quiz",\
      "type": "Simple"\
    \},\
    "reprompt": \{\
      "outputSpeech": \{\
        "type": "SSML",\
        "ssml": "<speak> Question 1. <audio src=\'93https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4C.mp3\'94 /> 1. C. 2. B. 3. F. 4. D.  </speak>"\
      \}\
    \},\
    "shouldEndSession": false\
  \},\
  "sessionAttributes": \{\
    "score": 0,\
    "currentQuestionIndex": 0,\
    "speechOutput": "Question 1. <audio src=\'93https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4C.mp3\'94 /> 1. C. 2. B. 3. F. 4. D. ",\
    "correctAnswerText": "C",\
    "repromptText": "Question 1. <audio src=\'93https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/d.clin.design/Alexa/Piano_Key_Trivia/piano_key_4C.mp3\'94 /> 1. C. 2. B. 3. F. 4. D. ",\
    "questions": [\
      0,\
      2,\
      1,\
      5,\
      7\
    ],\
    "STATE": "_TRIVIAMODE",\
    "correctAnswerIndex": 1\
  \}\
\}\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \{ "response": \
\{ "outputSpeech": \
\{ "type": "SSML", "ssml":"<speak>Oh!  We're you talking to me?  Sorry, I wasn't really listening.  In fact, I am still not listening.  hardy har har har.</speak>"\}, \
"shouldEndSession": true \}, \
"sessionAttributes": \
\{ "intentSequence": "createEvent", "forDate": "2016-05-13", "startTime": "14:00" \} \}\
}